
# revents <img src="man/figures/logo.png" align="right" height="139" alt="" />

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of revents is make all the recurrent event functions for
non-terminal events available for analysing recurrent events in chronic
diseases. It is partially based on the master’s thesis: “Analysing
recurrent events in Multiple Sclerosis: overview of statistical models
with application in the MSOAC database”.

## Installation

You can install the latest version of revents with:

``` r
install.packages('revents')
```

## Tutorial

To learn how to use the **revents** vignettes, refer to the vignette
section. The vignette provides a step-by-step guide on how to use the
tutorial to analyse recurrent events in chronic diseases.

## Bibliography

Amorim LD, Cai J. Modelling recurrent events: a tutorial for analysis in
epidemiology. Int J Epidemiol. 2015 Feb;44(1):324–33.

Andersen PK, Gill RD. Cox’s Regression Model for Counting Processes: A
Large Sample Study. Ann Stat. 1982;10(4):1100–20. Bühler A, Wolbers M,
Model F, Wang Q, Belachew S, Manfrini M, et al. Recurrent disability
progression endpoints in multiple sclerosis clinical trials. Mult Scler
Houndmills Basingstoke Engl. 2023 Jan;29(1):130–9.

Bühler A, Wang Q, Wolbers M, Model F, Beyersmann J. Comparison of
Time-To-First-Event and Recurrent Event Methods in Multiple Sclerosis
Trials. 2019.

Cook RJ, Lawless J. The Statistical Analysis of Recurrent Events
\[Internet\]. New York, NY: Springer; 2007 \[cited 2024 Feb 13\].
(Statistics for Biology and Health).

Kelly PJ, Lim LL. Survival analysis for recurrent event data: an
application to childhood infectious diseases. Stat Med. 2000 Jan
15;19(1):13–33.

Wang YC, Meyerson L, Tang YQ, Qian N. Statistical methods for the
analysis of relapse data in MS clinical trials. J Neurol Sci. 2009 Oct
15;285(1):206–11.
